update(demo): Enhance the list of Vectara demos and applications (#354)
vectara/vectara-docs: www/docs/sample-vectara-apps.md

import {Config} from './definitions.md';

> Discover the <Config v="names.product"/> platform's potential with our diverse collection of 
> open-source demo applications. These examples showcase the power of generative 
> AI applications and Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) in action, 
> inspiring developers to innovate and integrate cutting-edge capabilities into 
> their own solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Config v="names.product"/>'s platform enables you to build generative AI and Retrieval 
Augmented Generation (RAG) applications quickly and without expertise in AI or 
ML concepts. We have a diverse set of open-source demo applications that 
showcase the power of generative AI applications for realistic use cases. 
These demo applications are just a sample of what developers can create with 
<Config v="names.product"/>.

```

Non-blocking suggestion. My personal preference when reading docs is to see language that's more direct and technical vs. attempting to convince me of something. I'm not sure my own suggestion does enough to meet this criteria, to be honest.

Words like "Discover", "inspiring", etc seem to lean more into the marketing and conversion aspect vs how the product works and why a reader may be interested in it, but this is entirely anecdotal and personal preference. Feel free to discard this suggestion if you disagree @pwoznic 😄

> Our sample demos collection spans a range of applications designed to solve 
> various industry challenges. From question-answering tools that provide 
> precise documentation support, to advanced AI agents which demonstrate agentic 
> capabilities for handling complex tasks, these applications cater to diverse 
> developer needs.
> 
> Explore chatbots that leverage conversational search for real-time 
> interactions, virtual agents that automate workflows, and custom data 
> ingestion tools that simplify integrating RAG capabilities. Each demo serves 
> as a practical example to inspire developers to build robust, AI-enhanced 
> solutions tailored to their unique use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our demo applications cover a variety of use cases that address known industry  
challenges. They include question-answering tools for documentation support,  
AI agents for complex tasks, chatbots that use conversational search for  
real-time interactions, virtual agents that automate workflows, and custom  
data ingestion tools for integrating RAG capabilities into an existing  
application. Each demo serves as a practical example to inspire developers  
to build AI-enhanced solutions for their specific use cases.  
```

Non-blocking: these two paragraphs seemed to be saying the same/similar things as each other, but also the first paragraph. I thought combining them and removing some of the overlap might be helpful
